Add codec and processor combinations to S3 source (#5288)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sources/s3.md

> ## codec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codec
```

Author: See previous comment about headers.

> The `codec` determines how the `s3` source parses each S3 object. For increased and more efficient performance, you can use codecs in [combination]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/common-use-cases/codec-processor-combinations/) with certain processors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `codec` determines how the `s3` source parses each Amazon S3 object. For increased and more efficient performance, you can use [codec combinations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/common-use-cases/codec-processor-combinations/) with certain processors.
```

> ### newline codec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Newline codec
```

Author: See previous comments about headers in the Data Prepper section.

`header` | No   | String list | The header containing the column names used to parse CSV data.
`detect_header` | No   | Boolean   | Whether the first line of the S3 object should be interpreted as a header. Default is `true`.

## Codec and processor combinations 

At ingestion time, data received by the S3 source can be parsed by codecs. However, codecs only support a particular type of data input type, compressions types, and processors. The following table describes each codec, data type, and processor combination where performance of the pipeline can be improved. 

> | **Input Data Type** | **Compression type** | **Codec** | **Processor** | Notes |

Reviewer 2: Rather than adding a table here, perhaps we can link to the other page for users.

Author: I'm going to remove the table.

`header` | No   | String list | The header containing the column names used to parse CSV data.

> `detect_header` | No   | Boolean   | Whether the first line of the S3 object should be interpreted as a header. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`detect_header` | No   | Boolean   | Whether the first line of the Amazon S3 object should be interpreted as a header. Default is `true`.
```

## Using `s3_select` with the `s3` source<a name="s3_select"></a>

> When configuring `s3_select` to parse S3 objects, use the following options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring `s3_select` to parse Amazon S3 objects, use the following options:
```

> `interval` | Yes  | String | Indicates the minimum interval between each scan. The next scan in the interval will start after the interval duration from the last scan ends and when all the objects from the previous scan are processed. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`interval` | Yes  | String | Indicates the minimum interval between each scan. The next scan in the interval will start after the interval duration from the last scan ends and when all the objects from the previous scan are processed. Supports ISO 8601 notation strings, such as `PT20.345S` or `PT15M`, and notation strings for seconds (`60s`) and milliseconds (`1600ms`). 
```

> `count` | No | Integer | Specifies how many times a bucket will be scanned. Defaults to `Integer.MAX_VALUE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`count` | No | Integer | Specifies how many times a bucket is scanned. Defaults to `Integer.MAX_VALUE`.
```

Author: The `count` doesn't occur until the pipeline runs, hence the tense.

## Metrics

> The `s3` source includes the following metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `s3` source includes the following metrics:
```

Author: I was told by @natebower to make this a period.
